# Go API client for unityeconomy

# Introduction
  This document outlines the API specification for the Economy API.
  The Economy service allows the game client to retrieve and modify a player's economy resources in the cloud.
# Concepts
  ## Resources
  Economy currently allows interaction with the following types of resources:
  - Currencies: A resource that, when defined, contains two parameters: Initial and Max. The Initial parameter determines how much of the currency a game assigns to a player upon first interacting with the Economy system. The Max parameter determines how much of the currency the player is allowed to have.
  - Inventory Items: A resource that doesn't have any set parameters; its intended use is to indicate the ownership or acquisition of an item in-game, for example, Sword and Shield.
    A game client can add, remove or update the associated data of an instance of a configured inventory item from the player's inventory.
  - Virtual Purchases: A transactional resource to implement a shop or trade feature. Allows the player to buy items/currencies using the previously defined currencies or inventory items.
    A game client can redeem a virtual purchase and the player's account updates with the rewards if the costs criteria are met.
  - Real Money Purchases: A transactional resource with the intended use to facilitate a shop or trade feature. Allows the player to buy any amount of items/currencies through an in-app purchase. Only uses the previously defined currencies or inventory items.
    A game client can redeem a real money purchase and the player's account updates with the rewards.

  The above resources also have an optional Custom Data parameter that can be populated with JSON data from the dashboard to allow clients to read bespoke data.
  ## Writelock
  The WriteLock is an integer that is automatically incremented serverside whenever a request that changes the stored value of a player's account or inventory.
  The purpose of the WriteLock is to help prevent requests from the same or other game clients happening out-of-sync.
  This parameter is optional, but when supplied with a request, the service does a comparison with the stored WriteLock on the server, and returns an error on mismatch.
  ## Rate Limits
  The API has rate limiting in place. Requests are limited on a per-player basis up to 150 requests per minute.
  The API responds with a `429` HTTP status code if the requests exceed the rate limit.
  Responses with a `429` status code include a `Retry-After` header to be used in conjunction with a client's retry logic, the value is the number of seconds until a request for the given player is accepted.


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import unityeconomy "github.com/liu1700/unityeconomy"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityeconomy.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityeconomy.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityeconomy.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityeconomy.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://economy.services.api.unity.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ConfigurationAPI* | [**GetPlayerConfiguration**](docs/ConfigurationAPI.md#getplayerconfiguration) | **Get** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/config/resources | Get player&#39;s configuration
*CurrenciesAPI* | [**DecrementPlayerCurrencyBalance**](docs/CurrenciesAPI.md#decrementplayercurrencybalance) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/currencies/{currencyId}/decrement | Decrement currency balance
*CurrenciesAPI* | [**GetPlayerCurrencies**](docs/CurrenciesAPI.md#getplayercurrencies) | **Get** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/currencies | Player currency balances
*CurrenciesAPI* | [**IncrementPlayerCurrencyBalance**](docs/CurrenciesAPI.md#incrementplayercurrencybalance) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/currencies/{currencyId}/increment | Increment currency balance
*CurrenciesAPI* | [**SetPlayerCurrencyBalance**](docs/CurrenciesAPI.md#setplayercurrencybalance) | **Put** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/currencies/{currencyId} | Set currency balance
*InventoryAPI* | [**AddInventoryItem**](docs/InventoryAPI.md#addinventoryitem) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/inventory | Add inventory item
*InventoryAPI* | [**DeleteInventoryItem**](docs/InventoryAPI.md#deleteinventoryitem) | **Delete** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/inventory/{playersInventoryItemId} | Delete player&#39;s inventory item
*InventoryAPI* | [**GetPlayerInventory**](docs/InventoryAPI.md#getplayerinventory) | **Get** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/inventory | List player inventory
*InventoryAPI* | [**UpdateInventoryItem**](docs/InventoryAPI.md#updateinventoryitem) | **Put** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/inventory/{playersInventoryItemId} | Update player&#39;s inventory item
*PurchasesAPI* | [**MakeVirtualPurchase**](docs/PurchasesAPI.md#makevirtualpurchase) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/purchases/virtual | Make virtual purchase
*PurchasesAPI* | [**RedeemAppleAppStorePurchase**](docs/PurchasesAPI.md#redeemappleappstorepurchase) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/purchases/appleappstore | Redeem Apple App Store purchase
*PurchasesAPI* | [**RedeemGooglePlayPurchase**](docs/PurchasesAPI.md#redeemgoogleplaypurchase) | **Post** /v2/projects/{projectId}/players/{playerId}/purchases/googleplaystore | Redeem Google Play purchase


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddInventoryRequest](docs/AddInventoryRequest.md)
 - [BasicErrorResponse](docs/BasicErrorResponse.md)
 - [Cost](docs/Cost.md)
 - [CurrencyBalanceRequest](docs/CurrencyBalanceRequest.md)
 - [CurrencyBalanceResponse](docs/CurrencyBalanceResponse.md)
 - [CurrencyExchangeItem](docs/CurrencyExchangeItem.md)
 - [CurrencyModifyBalanceRequest](docs/CurrencyModifyBalanceRequest.md)
 - [CurrencyResource](docs/CurrencyResource.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictCurrencyBalance](docs/ErrorResponseConflictCurrencyBalance.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictCurrencyBalanceData](docs/ErrorResponseConflictCurrencyBalanceData.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventory](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventory.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDelete](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDelete.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDeleteData](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDeleteData.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDeleteDataAttempted](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventoryDeleteDataAttempted.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventoryUpdate](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventoryUpdate.md)
 - [ErrorResponseConflictInventoryUpdateData](docs/ErrorResponseConflictInventoryUpdateData.md)
 - [ErrorResponsePurchaseAppleappstoreFailed](docs/ErrorResponsePurchaseAppleappstoreFailed.md)
 - [ErrorResponsePurchaseGoogleplaystoreFailed](docs/ErrorResponsePurchaseGoogleplaystoreFailed.md)
 - [InventoryDeleteRequest](docs/InventoryDeleteRequest.md)
 - [InventoryExchangeItem](docs/InventoryExchangeItem.md)
 - [InventoryItemResource](docs/InventoryItemResource.md)
 - [InventoryRequestUpdate](docs/InventoryRequestUpdate.md)
 - [InventoryResponse](docs/InventoryResponse.md)
 - [ModifiedMetadata](docs/ModifiedMetadata.md)
 - [PlayerConfigurationResponse](docs/PlayerConfigurationResponse.md)
 - [PlayerConfigurationResponseMetadata](docs/PlayerConfigurationResponseMetadata.md)
 - [PlayerConfigurationResponseResultsInner](docs/PlayerConfigurationResponseResultsInner.md)
 - [PlayerCurrencyBalanceResponse](docs/PlayerCurrencyBalanceResponse.md)
 - [PlayerCurrencyBalanceResponseLinks](docs/PlayerCurrencyBalanceResponseLinks.md)
 - [PlayerInventoryResponse](docs/PlayerInventoryResponse.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreRequest](docs/PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreRequest.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponse](docs/PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponse.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponseVerification](docs/PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponseVerification.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponseVerificationStore](docs/PlayerPurchaseAppleappstoreResponseVerificationStore.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreRequest](docs/PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreRequest.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponse](docs/PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponse.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseRewards](docs/PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseRewards.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseVerification](docs/PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseVerification.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseVerificationStore](docs/PlayerPurchaseGoogleplaystoreResponseVerificationStore.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseVirtualRequest](docs/PlayerPurchaseVirtualRequest.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponse](docs/PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponse.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponseCosts](docs/PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponseCosts.md)
 - [PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponseRewards](docs/PlayerPurchaseVirtualResponseRewards.md)
 - [RealMoneyPurchaseResource](docs/RealMoneyPurchaseResource.md)
 - [RealMoneyPurchaseResourceStoreIdentifiers](docs/RealMoneyPurchaseResourceStoreIdentifiers.md)
 - [RedeemAppleAppStorePurchase422Response](docs/RedeemAppleAppStorePurchase422Response.md)
 - [RedeemGooglePlayPurchase422Response](docs/RedeemGooglePlayPurchase422Response.md)
 - [Reward](docs/Reward.md)
 - [SetPlayerCurrencyBalance400Response](docs/SetPlayerCurrencyBalance400Response.md)
 - [ValidationErrorBody](docs/ValidationErrorBody.md)
 - [ValidationErrorResponse](docs/ValidationErrorResponse.md)
 - [VirtualPurchaseResource](docs/VirtualPurchaseResource.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### Client

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



